feat(curriculum): forum leaderboard project (#50241)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-fetch-promises-and-async-await-by-building-an-fcc-forum-leaderboard/644baae059c58402a31e815a.md

---
id: 644baae059c58402a31e815a
title: Step 69
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-69
---

# --description--

> Incase if the id is not in the `categorieList` object, you need to handle this case first by creating a else statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incase the `id` is not in the `categorieList` object, you need to handle this case first by creating an `else` statement.
```

Author: fixed

  --peach: #f28373;
  --salmon-color: #f0aea9;
  --light-blue: #8bd9f6;
  --light-orange: #f8b172;
  --light-green: #93cb5b;
  --golden-yellow: #f1ba33;
  --gold: #f9aa23;
  --green: #6bca6b;
}

body {
  background-color: var(--main-bg-color);
}

.fcc-logo{
  width: 210px;
  margin: auto;
  display: block
}

nav {
  background-color: var(--dark-navy);
  padding: 10px 0;
}

.title{
  text-align: center;
  margin: 10px 0;
  color: var(--light-grey);
}

table{
  width: 80%;
  color: var(--dark-grey);
  margin: auto;
  table-layout: fixed;
  border-collapse: collapse;
}

th:first-child {
  width: 70%;
  text-align: start;
}

th{
  border-bottom: 2px solid var(--dark-grey);
  padding-bottom: 10px;
  font-size: 1.2rem;
}

td{
  border-bottom: 1px solid var(--dark-grey);
  padding: 20px 0px;
}

td:not(:first-child) {
  text-align: center;
}

```

```js
const FORUM_LATEST = "https://forum-proxy.freecodecamp.rocks/latest";
const FORUM_TOPIC_URL = "https://forum.freecodecamp.org/t/";
const FORUM_CATEGORY_URL = "https://forum.freecodecamp.org/c/";
const AVATAR_URL = "https://sea1.discourse-cdn.com/freecodecamp";

const postsContainer = document.getElementById('posts-container');

> const categorieList = {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const categoryList = {
```

Author: fixed

  299: { category: "Career Advice", className: "career" },
  409: { category: "Project Feedback", className: "feedback" },
  417: { category: "freeCodeCamp Support", className: "support" },
  421: { category: "JavaScript", className: "javascript" },
  423: { category: "HTML - CSS", className: "html-css" },
  424: { category: "Python", className: "python" },
  432: { category: "You Can Do This!", className: "motivation" },
  560: { category: "Backend Development", className: "backend" },
};

function forumCategories(id){
  let selectedCategory = {}

>   if(categorieList.hasOwnProperty(id)){
>     const {className, category} = categorieList[id];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  if(categoryList.hasOwnProperty(id)){
    const {className, category} = categoryList[id];
```

Author: fixed
